Add note on connecting new mappings to model (#5344)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/reverse-etl/index.md

### Step 4: Create mappings
After you’ve added a destination, you can create mappings from your warehouse to the destination. Mappings enable you to map the data you extract from your warehouse to the fields in your destination.

> info ""

> > When adding new mappings to an existing model, only the changes that have transpired since the last sync will be synchronized, not the entire dataset. For a comprehensive data synchronization, we advise you to first recreate the model, followed by establishing a one-to-one mapping with the new model. This approach ensures that all data synchronizes effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When you add new mappings to an existing model, Segment only syncs changes that have transpired since the last sync, not the entire dataset. For a comprehensive data synchronization, Segment recommends that you first recreate the model, then establish a one-to-one mapping with the new model. This ensures that all data syncs effectively.
```
